so after inside the nozzle from
we disassemble it we remove rezinochki
sealing and selling can
rinse in two ways do not remove
reticulum it is placed nozzles and
replacement nets now we will
you can not change the mesh
rinse by moving this adapter
thousand percent
who fits nicely here
after which we wear a balloon
our adapter and here we connect
plus or minus
contacts or else I will do it
so the mesh heal wrung them
self-tapping screw shallow
We understand here and so, see all
mesh is sounding inside us and this
adapter
just dragging in here, that's all
connect the nozzle plus or minus
give find a beard
this way we clean the nozzles
replace injectors
here we got old nets as you
see not very dirty red bloom
gum all old frayed mesh
extracted insert new try not to
pretty hard to not like this here
the way they press the net and the same
the thing on all four injectors
nets we have all inserted pictures
pure promotions
Next comes the assembly nozzles and so the collection
nozzle rings new rings
this is all we have old goes for ejection but u
we are such ringlets on this time
the usual set of black and red
did not take unfortunately those of the store
the ring needs to be lubricated previously
before installing it for this we
use
good oil is not necessary to work
your little ring and dress it up